What is your long term goal or career pathway?
Anything related to programming really. Might jump to cyber security and see where I can go from there.

A description of your strengths and limitations when it comes to learning:
I am very good at linking puzzle pieces in a sense. I plan to make a html, css, and javascript document with all I've learnt on it for future use.

What skills (non-technical/human skills) would you like to see developed in yourself while at Dev Academy?
I'd love to work on my human skills in the second half of this course, and get back to, and surpass, my former knowledge in programming.

A commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme. This should include:
I plan to get my sprints done by Friday, but I'm not going to stress myself out if I have to work Saturday and Sunday aswell. Stuff happens.
I'll probably divide the sprints into 5 by the estimate time of completion and work on that day by day.

An explanation of how you will manage yourself to work productively and safely with other learners, Facilitators and industry/community representatives:
I will manage myself to work productively by reminding myself that if I dont work productively, I cannot game as much, and I can't reward myself with subway cookies.

What you will do when things are building up and starting to get to you:
When things are building up and getting to me I'll most likely reach out to my awesome family and just take a breather, maybe go for a hike or something.

A commitment as to how and where you will seek help in a timely way:
I will commit myself to not seeking rewards as help, instead to reward myself with inner thinking and self validation.

A description of what you expect from the Facilitation team:
To make an awesome course that allows me to learn and create with others. Like a web development minecraft server.

Any scheduling information such as block-out times when you are committed to other things. For example, you might have whānau commitments like school drop-offs. It's important to plan these in.
I call my Nana every Thursday at 12pm to see how she's going. Shouldn't be an issue but I'd like to keep that up when I can.